OSDOCS-18019: CQA 2.0 RHCL intro (#105498)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/con-connectivity-link-supported-configs.adoc

[id="rhcl-supported-openshift-version-configs_{context}"]
== Supported {ocp} version configurations

[%header,cols="5",cols="2,1,1,1,1"]
|===
|*{product-title}*
|*{rh} {ocp}*
|*{rh} OpenShift Dedicated*
|*{rh} OpenShift Service on AWS*
|*Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift*

|Version 1.3
|4.21, 4.20, 4.19
|4.21, 4.20, 4.19
|4.21, 4.20, 4.19
|4.17
//TODO need to verify 1.3

|Version 1.2
|4.20, 4.19, 4.18
|4.20, 4.19, 4.18
|4.20, 4.19, 4.18
|4.17
//is 1.1 still supported when 1.3 releases, or do we drop this table?
|Version 1.1
|4.19, 4.18, 4.17
|4.19, 4.18, 4.17
|4.19, 4.18, 4.17
|4.17
|===

For Microsoft Azure, see the link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/openshift/support-lifecycle[Support lifecycle for Azure Red Hat OpenShift 4].

[id="rhcl-supported-operators_{context}"]
== Supported Operators

[%header,cols="3",cols="3,2,1"]
|===
|*{product-title}*
|*{rh} {service-mesh}*
|*cert-manager Operator for Red Hat OpenShift*

|Version 1.3
|3.1
|1.17
//TBD 1.3

|Version 1.2
|3.1
|1.17

|Version 1.1
|3.0
|1.15
|===

> * On OpenShift 4.19 Gateway API is provided in OpenShift. A separate installation of OpenShift Service Mesh 3.0 is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On {ocp} 4.19, Gateway API is provided in OpenShift. A separate installation of OpenShift Service Mesh 3.0 is not required.
```

[id="rhcl-supported-cloud-dns-providers_{context}"]
== Supported cloud DNS providers

For DNS policies, all versions of {prodname} support the following cloud DNS providers:

* Amazon Route 53
* Google Cloud Platform DNS
* Microsoft Azure DNS

For more information, see the documentation for your chosen cloud DNS provider.

[id="rhcl-supported-data-stores-for-rate-limiting_{context}"]
== Supported data stores for rate limiting

For rate limiting policies, {prodname} supports the following Redis-based data stores for rate limit counters in multicluster environments:

[%header,cols="3",cols="3,1,1,1"]
|===
|*{product-title}*
|*Redis Enterprise or Cloud*
|*Amazon Elasticache*
|*Dragonfly Community or Cloud*

|Version 1.3
|latest
|latest
|latest

|Version 1.2
|latest
|latest
|latest

|Version 1.1
|latest
|latest
|latest
|===

For more information, see the documentation for your chosen Redis-based datastore.
//Q: Presented this way, do all versions of RCHL really support the latest versions of these? e.g, does 1.1 support the same versions as 1.3?

[id="rhcl-supported-identity-access-management_{context}"]
== Supported identity access management

> For authentication policies, Connectivity Link supports API keys and the following products:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For authentication policies, {prodname} supports API keys and the following products:
```
